INTMDB-422 encryption at rest (#129)
mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources: cfn-resources/encryption-at-rest/README.md

## Description

> This resource allows administrators to enable, disable, configure, and retrieve the configuration for Encryption at Rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns and edits the Encryption at Rest using Customer Key Management configuration
```
can we make sure to leverage the Open API docs as much as possible for these definitions? https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/#tag/Encryption-at-Rest-using-Customer-Key-Management

Author: This issue is fixed

# Attributes & Parameters

Please consult the [Resource Docs](docs/README.md)

## Unit Testing Locally

The local tests are integrated with the AWS `sam local` and `cfn invoke` tooling features:

```
sam local start-lambda --skip-pull-image
```
then in another shell:
```bash
repo_root=$(git rev-parse --show-toplevel)
source <(${repo_root}/quickstart-mongodb-atlas/scripts/export-mongocli-config.py)
set or export below environment variables 
export KMS_KEY=<<CustomerMasterKeyID>>
export KMS_ROLE=<<RoleID>>
export KMS_REGION=<<key region>>
cd ${repo_root}/cfn-resources/encryption-at-rest
./test/encryptionatrest.create-sample-cfn-request.sh YourProjectID > test.request.json 
echo "Sample request:"
cat test.request.json
cfn invoke CREATE test.request.json 
cfn invoke DELETE test.request.json 
```

Both CREATE & DELETE tests must pass.

## Installation
TAGS=logging make
cfn submit --verbose --set-default

## Cloudformation Examples

> Please use the [CFN Template](test/encryptionatrest.sample-template.yaml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the [CFN Template](test/encryptionatrest.sample-template.yaml) for example resource 
```

Author: This issue is fixed

## Integration Testing w/ AWS

> The [/quickstart-mongodb-atlas/scripts/launch-x-quickstart.sh](launch-x-quickstart.sh) script

Reviewer: This link doesn't work, can you double check to bring user to correct GitHub page

Author: This issue is fixed

can be used to safely inject your MongoDB Cloud ApiKey environment variables into an example
CloudFormation stack template along with the other neccessary parameters.

You can use the project.sample-template.yaml to create a stack using the resource.
Similar to the local testing described above you can follow the logs for the deployed
lambda function which handles the request for the Resource Type.

In one shell session:
```
aws logs tail mongodb-atlas-project-logs --follow
```

And then you can create the stack with a helper script it insert the apikeys for you:

```bash
repo_root=$(git rev-parse --show-toplevel)
source <(${repo_root}/quickstart-mongodb-atlas/scripts/export-mongocli-config.py)
${repo_root}/quickstart-mongodb-atlas/scripts/launch-x-quickstart.sh ${repo_root}/cfn-resources/encryption-at-rest/test/encryptionatrest.sample-template.yaml SampleAccessList1 ParameterKey=ProjectId,ParameterValue=<YOUR_PROJECT_ID> ParameterKey=CustomerMasterKeyID,ParameterValue=<CustomerMasterKeyID> ParameterKey=RoleID,ParameterValue=<RoleID> ParameterKey=Region,ParameterValue=<Region> ParameterKey=Enabled,ParameterValue=<true or false>
```

> For more information see: MongoDB Atlas API Cloud BackUp [Endpoint](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/#tag/Encryption-at-Rest-using-Customer-Key-Management) Documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information see: MongoDB Atlas API [Cloud BackUp Endpoint](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/#tag/Encryption-at-Rest-using-Customer-Key-Management) Documentation.
```

Author: This issue is fixed
